oh we're here today at 38:39 illinois in
st. louis missouri a nice slave just a
duplex actually a three-story duplex
with the first floor having two bedrooms
the second and third floor is a
combination of four bedrooms you'll have
a little look down the street here this
is what the street looks like nice
neighborhood nice area let's uh let's
have a look it's going inside
okay let's have a look at the
first-floor apartment in here is the
living room with a fireplace but the
fireplace has been closed off but it's
still a nice sized room and down here to
the hall on the first door on the left
is one of the bedrooms you can see in
here nice sized rooms and over here
second bedroom over here same thing the
good side of areas and then through here
this is the kitchen and nice so nice
whirlpool stove comes with the house
there will be a refrigerator in here and
right here the same new cabinets and
over here will be the refrigerator and
then this is an eat-in area so now we
can get another perspective on that and
we'll come in here this is the bathroom
and back in here is a shower which I'm
sure you can't see too well there's not
a lot of light in there but this is the
bathroom
alright and then downstairs in the
basement is the laundry hookups or you
know doing your laundry here on the
premises there is no washers are
included with this so give us a call
three one four four four two four five
four four Thanks